[Music]
Mimi sends me a
tweet that says
Mili, Rocío Jurado and
Ortega Cano's assistant,
said the following right now in the
document Rocío Jurado told me that if her
daughter needed me to be there
I have witnessed everything Rocío Jurado suffered
because of the being
I witnessed how the being dragged
Rocío Carrasco by her hair
in a room Alexa to this set in the
testimony the testimony let's say
that of the decade Mili Pineda
And as testimony you didn't have it last year
And how is it that this testimony what this
testimony tells Thank you Esperanza How
is it that what this testimony tells is not
told in the first season
that she has been an employee of Rocío
Jurado and Ortega Cano's house in Monte Alto Look
how many years have you worked in that house
10 years 10 years You have continued
working there even after
Rocío Jurado died not even when she
reported anything nothing nothing this episode
suddenly tells her latal Mili suddenly they
tell it today she has never told this again how
long that  Ortega Cano stayed with
her children until they moved to
Hierbabuena
Mili because you're here today they
told me that I could come and talk a
little about that
Well here I am Mili you made a
promise to Rocío Jurado when she was
sick what was that promise
she told me that if her daughter needed me to be there because she was going to be very alone look You have lived Rocío Jurado she didn't think the family was going to be like this and that Rocío Carrasco was going to be so alone So I ask in that house moments of strong
differences between Rocío Carrasco and the
being yes yes yes yes
you have been a witness
super happy and super proud eh that she has
finally managed to get people to
say what she wanted to be
said eh how the being has not treated
Rocío Carrasco well
of all the things that Rocío
Carrasco suffered because of him you have seen bad manners
many things Rocío suffered a lot and I
tell you that I'm
going to ask you a very
special detail have you seen the being dragging
Rocío Carrasco by the hair
from that moment
Here I am here I am that anything
This to serve you whatever you want
they don't care
how much they paid her
so they paid her 5,000 euros or
something like that but come on no matter how much they
paid her
let's see if they paid her 50,000
euros then there you go if I tell
the guy whatever you know
if they paid you 50,000 euros Well of
everything well that he sues me you know
but if they paid her three or five thousand
euros this lady
what is going to acne I don't think they
paid her those amounts to these I think they
paid her 3,000 something
like that and now yogurt 3000 euros Let's go
when was the last time you visited each other
in person because years ago Uff a lot a
lot
how Ortega treated Rocío Jurado well
also abuser what he was looking for
marriage they took at most
marriage with sums
Mili Rocío Carrasco has already told us
that Ortega gave Rocío Jurado a very bad life
she knows what her mother has lived through I have
lived through many things and that is what I
tell you many  things I have experienced up
close and in case she needs me Here I am
in the case
there is more eh There is more eh to support Rocío
Carrasco
to trial on the issue if they take Rocío
Carrasco to trial on the issue of the
heteroteca Cano and Rocío
Jurado relationships to this lamp that says this Uncle
Jurado would you go to support Rocío Carrasco to
this lamp that says this and that's it
Look I'm going to tell you
Jorge
Rocío trusted me a lot she loved me a
lot how embarrassing how embarrassing
how embarrassing
I was always with her we talked a lot and in the
last days of her life she
told me once my daughter needs me And if
my daughter needs you you help her
but we are talking Mily So the
answer is yes you would go to support Rocío
Carrasco
Rocío Carrasco says that Mili once got involved
when Antonio
David was mistreating her Paloma García Pelayo
says
the media is there to denounce it in
our responsibility in a year that
the aggressions have increased
by 12%.  we continue painting and pointing out
Antonio David as an abuser
listening
in first person to someone who lived and
witnessed a moment for me as
much as I imagine in my head that
moment in which someone drags
Rocío Carrasco by the hair
But if that woman from the cafe already came out
singing one two three
then it has impacted me a lot it is
the first time that I hear it from someone
different someone who lived it and Someone
who has decided to take the step and knows the
consequences that it can have and is
determined to take that step
if you have studied law and you know what there
are, the consequences that there are, of course, I have
also been very shocked by
that Because in addition, the being did not hide, he
carried out the abuse in front of people
because normally they usually do it
secretly so that nobody tells him But
if he does it in front of a
domestic employee, I would like to know or
ask you, I
mean, suddenly the being abused her
in front of you, uh, you were separating
when he sees you the being dragging you by the
hair
and well, the fact that she got
in the middle gave that was right in
that moment because if not I don't know how they
go. They already contributed to, eh,
if it's the first time they tell those
habits totally, eh, but I mean, they go, they go, they go
all out without limits, to mount the, to
mount the circus that they have to mount
to continue by force
maintaining that story or trying to make
people believe that story, but by
force,
by force, no matter what it
costs them, no matter what it
costs them,
my goodness
[Music]